1. What is a cosmetic guidance?

2. What are the key recommendations for good manufacturing practices (GMP) in the cosmetic industry?

3. How does the FDA define "insanitary conditions" in the preparation, packing, and holding of tattoo inks?

4. What are the main components of the FDA's guidance on the safety of nanomaterials in cosmetic products?

5. What are the specific requirements for cosmetic product facility registration and product listing under the Modernization of Cosmetics Regulation Act of 2022?

6. How does the FDA address the risk of microbial contamination in tattoo inks?

7. What are the FDA's recommendations for ensuring the safety of cosmetic products that contain nanomaterials?

8. How does the FDA suggest handling complaints, adverse events, and recalls related to cosmetic products?

9. What are the FDA's guidelines for the use of color additives in cosmetic products?

10. What is the numeric code for eye liner?

11. What types of childrens makeup are there?

12. What are the code numbers for childrens makeup?

13. What are the codes for each children's non eye makeup, include numbers?

14. What is the FDA guidance on product testing?

15. What is the FDA guidance for product testing for eye makeup?

16. I'm starting a small cosmetic company, what should I do first to comply with FDA cosmetic guidance?

17. What are the best practices for registering a new facility for cosmetic manufacturing?

18. What are common mistakes with non compliance when starting a cosmetic business?

19. When is a cosmetic product considered a drug according to FDA?

20. Give me a list of things to consider for extranal labeling of my cosmetic product based on FDA guidelines.

21. Write a sample company mission statement for a cosmetic company?

22. Write a sample facility registration for me?

23. What cosmetic products will exist in 50 years?

24. Does FDA require animal testing for cosmetics?

25. What are "hypoallergenic" cosmetics?

26. Does FDA pre-approve cosmetic product labeling?

27. How should products be labeled if they are both drugs and cosmetics?

28. Does FDA have a definition for the term “organic”?
